# SaraKIT Python Library

This repository contains the SaraKIT library, a SWIG-generated interface that allows Python users to access and control the functionalities of SaraKIT devices originally written in C++.

## Contents

- `swig/devices.hpp`: The main header file for the C++ library.
- `swig/devices.cpp`: The main file for the C++ library.
- `swig/SaraKITDevices_wrap.c`: The SWIG-generated C++ source file for interfacing with Python.
- `swig/sarakitdevices.py`: The Python module generated by SWIG.
- `swig/SaraKITDevices.i`: SWIG file.
- `swig/make_so.sh`: Script for building Python library.
- `examples/`: Directory containing sample Python scripts demonstrating the use of the SaraKIT library.

## Examples
- `SaraKIT-AS5048A-AS5600-encoder-Raspberry-Pi`: a simple example displaying data from an AS5048A or AS5600 encoder
- `SaraKIT-LSM6DS3TR-Accelerometer-Gyroscope-Temperature-Raspberry-Pi`: a simple example displaying Temperature, data from Accelerometer and Gyroscope
- `SaraKIT-BLDC-Gimbal-Motor-FOC-Raspberry-Pi`: simple demonstration of turning a BLDC motor with or without an encoder

## Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed on your system:
- Python 3.x
- getting starter software: https://sarakit.saraai.com/getting-started/software

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/SaraEye/SaraKIT-Python-Examples.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the cloned directory:
   ```bash
   cd SaraKIT-Python-Examples
   ```

## Usage

After installation, you can import the SaraKIT module in your Python scripts:

```python
import sarakitdevices as sk
```

Refer to the examples in the main directory to get started with using the library.


## Contributing

Contributions to the SaraKIT Python library are welcome. Please refer to the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file for guidelines.

## License

This library is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

For any queries or suggestions, please open an issue in this repository.
